hey everyone I'm Courtney and welcome to
curls and Couture today I'll be doing a
video on how to make a growth serum for
your eyebrows and your eyelashes stay
tuned so it's really simple you only
need three products and you can find
them in your house and you can also use
anything to substitute it first thing is
petroleum jelly
so petroleum jelly or Vaseline is really
good for conditioning your skin it's
going to be extremely important when
you're making
serum gel tree the next thing is castor
oil so castor oil is also really good
because it's extremely conditioning as
well this is going to be your main
ingredient that you're going to want to
use them to stimulate hair growth as
well another one is vitamin E oil this
is good also for conditioning your skin
around the hair follicle for your
harborough's and for your eyelashes the
two things you definitely want to have
are the castor oil and petroleum jelly
the Vaseline because the Vaseline is
going to hold everything together so you
can put it into your two so your tube is
going to be used to actually apply the
serum to your eyelash in your eyebrows I
purchased two of them I purchased
my eyelashes
my eyebrows you can definitely use one
that you have intended what you're going
to do is clean out your mascara if you
also want to put it in if you don't want
to do the whole my
we own all those traveling
and you can put it in there they're like
a dollar at CVS ol trilogy other thing I
have is a syringe so this was like $3
and I got at CVS and you can find it in
like for like to be a loyal excuse me
the baby section it's like other thing
that you'll have is your bowl obviously
too mixed and then something she put
everything till I put it in the syringe
so I just have like hey so you're going
to be using specifically
you're happy for this
I
but thank you so much for watching and I
hope that it
for you guys to make your serum and that
I hope that you like it and works for
you thank you for tuning in to curls and
Couture see you soon